you know you could talk about the benefits get on the military and generally
wind up talking about could retire and good medical or you can
go to school for free gets yet delegate VA loan small and those are
benefits the major benefit I of the military was the great joy of
learning to be a team player and be part of team and to have people
around me who took care of me and people I can take care of and people
who to this day I'm still in contact the guys I was in Vietnam the
guys I was in Vietnamese language school with back in sixty eight
see deny are on the hook with me frequently and I get an email from
one of them everyday so that's the major benefit I had being part of
a group of people still being part of that group today and if you think
I'm unusual pick up a newspaper and see how many reunions they
are this unit that unit of people who were in that field in that field
you know people still love it no matter how much they gripe about
it then and now